doc: 'PRs are welcome' reply recommendations (#132)
nim-works/nimskull: doc/moderation.rst

  people who are willing contribute, but not everyone has time to figure
  out what needs to be done from scratch"

"PRs are welcome"
=================

It is implied that we welcome all and every contributor, but it is highly 
discouraged to tell people that "PRs are welcome" *without any
further elaboration*. 

It might

> seem dismissive and counterproductive - instead of telling person asking for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seem dismissive and counterproductive - instead of telling the person asking for a
```

fix or improvement to "do it yourself" you should elaborate on 

- Why we are unable to do this ourselves at the moment (most likely it is caused 
  by the lack of manpower and time) 
- How this feature can or should be implemented. Maybe someone is willing to 

>   provide help, but indimidated by a compiler codebase and uncertain how to even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  provide help, but is intimidated by the compiler codebase and uncertain how to even
```
